newskarnataka.com

Informative, Interactive, Transparent and Educative

Newskarnataka.com is the brain-child of a team of young and dynamic like-minded Journalists with diverse experience in local, as well as national level news papers and television channels, spread across 10 years of exposure in the field.

The website has been developed and will be maintained in-house by the same team. The vision is to have a news portal that is not just informative but also educative and inspiring.

The focus will be on news coverage with compassionate, people centric, positive journalism. Journalism that brings about positive change. With a strong backing and an extensive reach, newskarnataka.com promises to deliver great results in a ground breaking manner.

Mission: A passion to Educate, Enlighten, Empower and to enable positive change.

Our Vision: Newskarnataka.com aims to become a full fledged Kannada and English news media portal catering exclusively and extensively in the state and across the nation and the globe.

It will serve as a mouthpiece for the proud Kannadiga and a lighthouse - a beacon - that will unify Kannadigas the world over, on a common platform rich with content in the Kannada dialect.

Why newskarnataka.com?

We get news from all over the world in just one click of the mouse button. We can know what is happening all around us and can also voice our opinions through media and get heard. Media helps in creating awareness among people and gets their views and opinions noticed. It influences and develops our thoughts and ideas, and in doing so promotes positive change and overall improvement. An established fact!

Yet, reading news in our local language and that too local news have added benefits in terms of psychological satisfaction - something which newskarnataka.com wants to give its readers.

The true and correct picture, without adulterations or cosmetic enhancements, in a way that feels like you are reading the words of a local eye-witness.

At newskarnataka.com, the reporting - the coverage - never sleeps. It is not the usual paid journalism, but rather the true account of Karnataka on the minute with attention to the minutest of details, and in the mother tongue of native Kannadigas too.

Karnataka is a blessed land - a land of myriad worlds - ageless monuments, lush green forests, amazing wildlife, spectacular waterfalls, romantic hill stations, timeless temples, pristine beaches, vibrant cultures, simplistic people and mesmerizing traditions.

Reach Us On For:

News and reports: news@newskarnataka.com

General Enquiry: contact@newskarnataka.com

Editorial: editor@newskarnataka.com

Advertisement: advt@newskarnataka.com