The Newskarnataka.com Web-site ("Site") is maintained by:

News karnataka

Karnataka, India

Email: editor@newskarnataka.com

Ph:+91-9632533977

Any personal information identifying any visitor to the Newskarnataka.comSites or Subscriber ("Personal Information") if required is asked for explicitly in the relevant page on the Newskarnataka.com Sites. Personal Information is used to operate the Newskarnataka.com Sites, and we may occasionally inform you of new features, services, and products from the Company.

We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable the Newskarnataka.com Sites to relate your use of the Newskarnataka.com Sites to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to the Newskarnataka.com Sites.

If at any time you believe the Newskarnataka.com Sites have not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail to feedback@Newskarnataka.com.com and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem.

If you have questions about this policy, please e-mail us at editor@newskarnataka.com

1. Feedback to Newskarnataka.com

By submitting any ideas, feedback and/or proposals ("Feedback") to Newskarnataka.com through the Service or other means, you acknowledge and agree that: (1) Newskarnataka.com may have similar development ideas to the Feedback;
(2) your Feedback does not contain confidential or proprietary information of you or any third party;
(3) Newskarnataka.com is not under any obligation of confidentiality with respect to the Feedback;
(4)Newskarnataka.com may freely use, distribute, exploit and further develop and modify Feedback for any purpose; and
(5) you are not entitled to any compensation of any kind from Newskarnataka.com.

2. Social Activities and Location Sharing

You may use features in the Service to share your location, status, and content, Materials or personal information or to interact with other users, sites and services. By using these features you agree that Newskarnataka.com may use and provide that information to other services and persons with whom you choose to interact or share this information. Users of these services and persons, such as your contacts, may see your location, status and/or personal information. In using these features you agree not to share information, Content or Material, or to link to any service or site containing information, Content or Material, that:
(a) contains content or other material that is illegal or inappropriate;
(b) exploits intellectual property rights without authorization or encourages users to piracy; or
(c) contains sensitive personal data of others. Any interaction does not involve Newskarnataka.com and is solely between you and the other user(s).

3.Availability and Technical Requirements

The availability of Content and the Service may vary and is subject to Newskarnataka.com’s sole discretion. Newskarnataka.com expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that any particular Content or Service will be available. The Service, operations and some features may also be dependent on the network, compatibility of the devices used and the content formats supported.

To access the Service, you may need to download a specific piece of software developed by Newskarnataka.com or by another party.

Newskarnataka.com may, in its sole discretion, change, correct or discontinue the Service in whole or in part.Newskarnataka.com may disable any Content or Software contained in your Service account for any reason and remove any Content or Software and/or disable copies of any application on your device in order to protect the Service, application providers, wireless carriers over whose network you access the service or any other affected or potentially affected parties.

4.Links to Third Party Sites and Content

Newskarnataka.com may include access to sites and services on the Internet or preloaded clients that enable you to interact with sites and services that are owned or operated by third parties and that are not part of the Service. You must review and agree to the terms and conditions of these sites or services before using these sites or services.

Newskarnataka.com has no control over the third party content, sites or services and assumes no responsibility for services provided or material created or published on these third-party sites or services. A link to a third-party site does not imply that Newskarnataka.com endorses the site or the products or services referenced in the site.

In addition, you and other users may create content and links to content within the Service that has not otherwise been submitted to the Service. Newskarnataka.com is not responsible for this type of content or links.

5.Advertisements

Service may include advertisements. Advertisements may be targeted to the content or information stored on the Service, queries made through the Service, or other information.

6.Personal Data

The Privacy Policy and any additional privacy information made available to you govern the use of your personal data.

7. Limitation of Liability

The Service is provided on “as is” and “as available” basis.Newskarnataka.com does not warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted or error or virus-free. No warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose, is made in relation to the availability, accuracy, reliability, information or content of the Service. You expressly agree and acknowledge that the use of the Service is at your sole risk and that you may be exposed to content from various sources.

Newskarnataka.com is not liable for any direct damages caused by your use or inability to use the Service. In no case will Newskarnataka.com be liable for any indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages resulting from your use or inability to use the Service.

8.Indemnification

You agree to defend and indemnify Newskarnataka.com from and against all third party claims and all liabilities, assessments, losses, costs or damages resulting from or arising out of (i) your breach of the Terms, (ii) your infringement or violation of any intellectual property rights, other rights or privacy of a third party, or (iii) misuse of the Service by a third party where the misuse was made possible by your failure to take reasonable measures to protect your username and password against misuse.

9.Miscellaneous

9.1 Choice of Law

The Terms are governed by the laws of India. The Courts at Mangaluru, Karnataka, India shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of the Service.

9.2 Changes in Terms

Newskarnataka.com may modify the Terms at any time without prior notice. If the Terms are changed in a material, adverse way,Newskarnataka.com will provide a separate notice advising of the change.

You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms. Your continued use of the Service constitutes your consent to any changes and modification.

9.3 Intellectual Property

The Service, Content and Software are protected under the copyright laws. Newskarnataka.com claims copyrights in its Service, Content, and Software to the maximum extent of the law. Subject to the Terms, Newskarnataka.com retains all rights, titles and interests in the Service, its Content, the Software and in all other Newskarnataka.com products, software and other properties provided to you or used by you through the Service.

9.4 Assignment

Newskarnataka.com may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms to its subsidiaries, or to any company under common control with Newskarnataka.com. Additionally, Newskarnataka.com may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms to a third party in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, by operation of law or otherwise.

9.5 Enquiry and Feedback

You may reach out to us for

News and reports @:  news@newskarnataka.com;

General Enquiry @: contact@newskarnataka.com;

Feedback and Editorial @: editor@newskarnataka.com;

Advertisement @: advt@newskarnataka.com;

Jobs @: hr@newskarnataka.net